(whimsical music)
[Narrator] In the year 2020 C.E.
the human world is
connected by a network.
That network is inhabited
by an unknown life form,
called Digimon.
(majestic music)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
(majestic music)
[Narrator] In the Digital World,
Tai reunites with his
Digimon partner, Agumon.
Tai's classmate Sora
has also joined them.
And so their journey to
find a way to save Tokyo
from coming to a
halt has now begun.
All the while,
Izzy wanders around
inside the Digital Network.
Sora meets her partner Biyomon.
who digivolves to save her.
(Birdramon screeching)
The children manage
to fight off attacks
from some wild Digimon.
And soon after they
follow the directions
of a mysterious voice, but
where will it lead them?
Is it some kind of a temple?
Huh?
(screams)
(runes humming)
It says, "Feel my words."
Here goes.
(runes humming)
[Tentomon] You sure
have guts, Izzy.
You never stop working.
Even when we're in
the gut of a Digimon!
Look, I'm still able to
connect to the internet.
And that's more than enough
to be able to find the
information we need.
Once we get a better
idea of what's going on
in the outside world, I'll
be able to narrow down
what our next moves should be.
[Tentomon] Great idea!
You know, you are
one smart cookie.
Hey Tentomon, what
Digimon are we inside of?
This is Whamon,
he's super chill.
Even though he just,
you know, ate us.
He usually just swims
around the Network all day.
Goodness gracious, what's that?
Tai, is that you?
Something just lit up
over here on my end!
It looks like some kind
of Digimon with wings?
(runes humming)
This feeling is so familiar.
I feel so warm.
[Valdurmon] You've
finally arrived.
Children who possess
the Digivice,
we have been waiting for you.
[Tai] You mean, this thing?
[Valdurmon] We are the ones
who govern all that is good
within the realm of
the Digital World.
With the last of our powers,
we bestow upon you the knowledge
of how this all came to be.
Long ago, a large war was
waged in the Digital World.
This is the place that
became our final stronghold.
(energy humming)
-Huh?
[Valdurmon] There was
light and darkness
in the Digital World.
Then Darkness broke
the continued balance
between the opposing powers
and began to make its move.
(Agumon growls)
What is it?
I dunno why, but these
things give me the creeps.
Biyomon..
I don't like their energy.
[Valdurmon] The darkness
soon infested the world...
We went to battle against them,
fighting with all
the power we had.
Our bravest warriors
fought alongside us...
(explosion booms)
And so
(children groaning)
Darkness was defeated.
But, the damages we
sustained were great,
and our existence
was nearly wiped out.
Agumon?
Why are you crying, Biyomon?
I wish I knew.
I can't explain it either,
but I just feel like
crying right now.
Don't worry about it!
I'll hold you till
you feel better.
Okay.
[Valdurmon] Although
we were victorious,
we believed a new darkness would
be born in the near future.
That when the Dark Digimon
begin making their move
the ones who possess power
will appear to resurrect
the warriors' souls
and to guide them.
And slowly but surely
they will learn how to
accumulate their power.
Through fighting, they will
grow and mature into new forms.
This is the life of Digimon.
All who are born within the
Digital World follow one law,
to digivolve.
Those who Digivolve will
eventually reach completion,
but what lies beyond them
are infinite possibilities.
[Tai] Like that white
Digimon from before.
What are you talking about, Tai?
You mean you don't remember?
[Valdurmon] As our
lives came to an end,
we had a mysterious
vision of the future.
We saw a power that surpasses
the law of digivolving.
Wielded by the ones who
descend to this world
with the Digivices'
light in their hands.
The human children who fight
and walk alongside Digimon.
They are without a
doubt our last hope
to protect the world
after we perish.
They are the Digi-destined
Does that mean us?
[Valdurmon] But beware,
the Network created
from human hands
Connects the Digital
World with the human world
and it is a territory where
our eyes cannot reach.
If the darkness cannot be
stopped in the Digital World,
its effects will spread
through the Network
and bring cataclysmic
disaster to the human world.
[Tai] Doesn't that sound like
what's been happening lately
in our world?
Yeah!
Tai, look!
Half of Tokyo is
already without power.
Huh, that's weird.
Each power station's main
systems aren't functioning,
but for some strange
reason they don't appear
to be cutting the power
like they should be able to.
And if the power outage
has spread this much,
how is the Internet
still working like
nothing has happened?
(Izzy and Tentomon groaning)
(explosions booming)
What's going on?
[Tentomon] Whamon, I
thought you were chill!
Hey, Izzy!
(lasers blasting)
(dramatic music)
[Valdurmon] Children,
we aren't the only ones
who have taken notice
to your existence.
The darkness has noticed as
well and will rise against you.
To triumph over darkness
you must listen closely
I will tell what to do.
Set out from here
and cross the sea.
Continue moving forward
with your Digimon
until you arrive
at the Continent.
It is there that you will meet
the light and hope of our world
who fight amongst warriors.
The Celestial Digimon.
Celestial Digimon?
[Valdurmon] Remember,
the Cloud Continent
is where you'll find
the Celestial Digimon.
(lasers blasting)
(Sora and Tai groaning)
Watch out!
Tai, over here!
Those Digimon are Dokugumon!
There sure are a lot of 'em!
There's no way!
I've never seen so many of
them work together like this!
Normally they would
just lie their nests
and wait for prey
to come to them.
[Sora] Well, it seems
we're completely trapped.
[Biyomon] Something
isn't right here.
There has to be
some sort of reason
that the Dokugumon
are acting like this!
Well, if this isn't
how they normally hunt,
then that means it
wasn't just an accident
that they found us.
Do you think they went
out looking for us?
Remember what that
voice said earlier?
That a new darkness
would be born...
Has it already noticed our
existence and made its move?
And if so...
Children found, no escape.
(dramatic music)
(explosions booming)
(Izzy yelling)
[Tentomon] I'm coming, Izzy!
Gotcha!
Thanks, Tentomon, I owe you one.
Do you have any idea how
to get us out of Whamon?
[Tentomon] Sorry
about this, Whamon.
Bear with us for just a second.
Tickle, tickle, tickle.
(Whamon groans)
(Izzy and Tentomon shouting)
Must've been those Tylomon
causing Whamon all that trouble!
But it looks like we're
their primary target now!
Tentomon, let's try and
divert their attention
away from Whamon!
[Tentomon] How kind of you.
Let's do it!
Whamon, now's your
chance to run!
(dramatic music)
The odds are against us
if we're backed into
a corner down here.
Looks like the only way out
is busting through that web!
Let's do it!
Pepper Breath!
Wait, huh, it didn't work?
[Tai] What, why not?
[Agumon] There's something
weird going on here.
This no ordinary web. If you
look close, it's shaking.
[Sora] And what's with that
weird high pitched noise?
That sound must be causing
the web to vibrate.
Which must be why
Agumon's Pepper Breath
barely even had an effect.
Then there's gotta be
something else here
helping out the Dokugumon.
[Biyomon] Spiral Twister!
You saved us...
Agumon's not the only
one who can fight here!
I'll find a way to break
this web, just wait and see!
Huh?
[Tentomon] Umm, what exactly
are you doing there, Izzy?
I'm analyzing.
If I'm able to predict the
Tylomon's movement patterns,
then I can find an
opening for us to attack.
Wait a second, what is that?
There's some kind of
other Digimon here.
[Tentomon] Really? Lemme see!
(Digimon beeping)
Huh?
There, that's the Digimon!
[Tentomon] Oh you
mean Soundbirdmon?
Talk about a troublemaker,
he uses sound to cause
all kinds of mischief!
Soundbirdmon?
Maybe he's controlling
the Tylomon
with the soundwaves he creates!
[Tentomon] Don't look now,
but they're gaining on us!
Tentomon, there's still
a way for you to escape
if you just let go of me.
The Tylomon will chase
after me and then you can-
[Tentomon] Don't talk crazy,
I would never leave
a friend behind.
No, Izzy!
Gotcha!
Izzy, there's something
I have to do...
I am gonna-
(Tentomon groans)
Tentomon!
[Tentomon] Izzy, listen...
No matter what happens I will
always fight to protect you!
Izzy!
Tentomon!
(rock music)
[Tentomon] Tentomon
digivolve to...
[Kabuterimon] Kabuterimon!
Not today!
Not too shabby huh, Izzy?
Kabuterimon.
Tentomon, you digivolved!
(singing in Japanese)
[Kabuterimon] They picked
the wrong duo to mess with.
what do you say we teach
those Tylomon what we can do?
That's what I'm talkin' about!
(lasers blasting)
Pepper Breath!
Biyomon digivolve to...
[Birdramon] Birdramon!
Is everyone holding
on tight down there?
-Yeah!
Nice work, thank you, Birdramon!
We're free, and now we
can join the fight, too!
Right!
-(lasers blasting)
-(Agumon roaring)
[Agumon] Agumon digivolve to.
Greymon!
Nova Blast!
(explosions booming)
There's more of
them coming our way!
They don't stop!
Guess we gotta shake them off!
You betcha
(rock music)
I knew it!
Soundbirdmon's sound waves
are controlling those
Tylomon to attack us.
[Kabuterimon] Then the Tylomon
aren't our main concern.
He is!
(singing in Japanese)
Electro Shocker!
It worked, the Tylomon
are all retreating.
[Kabuterimon]
That's how we do it!
I guess we managed
to lose them somehow.
It's all thanks to you,
Biyomon, nice flyin!
Thanks!
Yeah, that was spectacular!
Well it's too bad we didn't
get to hear the entire story.
(Digivice beeps)
[Izzy] Hey, Tai can
you hear me, it's Izzy!
Hey you're back!
You okay?
Yeah!
We got ambushed earlier by
some brainwashed Tylomon,
but Kabuterimon
took care of them!
[Tai] Right on, Izzy!
Wait Kabuteri-who now?
[Izzy] I have something
amazing to tell you!
Tentomon managed to digivolve.
[Tai] No way, that's awesome!
[Izzy] I know right!
Oh and check this out!
This Digimon was
able to manipulate
a bunch of Tylomon
into attacking us.
Be super careful if you see it.
[Biyomon] Wait, that Digimon
was in our battle earlier
making that horrible noise!
[Kabuterimon] Soundbirdamon,
yeah, he's pretty annoying.
[Tai] Got it!
Thanks for the heads up, Izzy
and be careful out there.
Roger!
[Kabuterimon] Let's hurry
back to your friends now.
I'm starting to
think that the reason
I was sent here all alone, was
so I could finally meet you.
[Kabuterimon] What's that?
Sorry I couldn't hear you.
I was just talking to myself.
[Kabuterimon] Aww come
on don't be like that.
You were saying something
about me weren't ya?
[Izzy] I was just thinking
out loud, it's nothing!
[Kabuterimon] You
sure? Last chance!
[Izzy] I'm super sure!
Now can we change the subject?
(suspenseful music)
Follow the Children.
Now scram!
[Valdurmon] We leave the rest
to you, the Digi-destined.
I think something's coming.
♪ We're fallen rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Narrator] Tai comes
across a girl named Mimi
who watches over and
protects small Digimon.
Then he and his friends
launch their counter attack
against their dangerous foe.
[Tai] Next time, The
Targeted Kingdom!
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world!